Francesco Andreoli: Hey, Gary, how are you, Karen? And you just wait in a couple of minutes more that
Francesco Andreoli: I don't know. There was some to in this court to move the the call
Francesco Andreoli: later.
Francesco Andreoli: but i'm checking it out. If Matt also can join.
Karim T.: I think, Matt.
Karim T.: we'll be able to join.
Karim T.: he finished.
Karim T.: he saw their meeting. So
okay.
Francesco Andreoli: hey, Matt.
Francesco Andreoli: we just saying, like, hey for postponing it or not.
Matt Nelson: That's yeah, I I just saw the discussion. I don't know if we should move the
Matt Nelson: Paul.
Matt Nelson: We will also do a quick one, anyway.
Francesco Andreoli: Just go and and send the recording out.
Matt Nelson: Yeah.
imagine
Matt Nelson: we have no one else.
Matt Nelson: Yeah. Besides consensus, we should probably just reschedule.
Matt Nelson: That's a good point. Is there anyone on the call that has a strong desire to continue?
Matt Nelson: Because Dano can attend, and none of the other maintainer's
Matt Nelson: mentioned to anything as they do.
Francesco Andreoli: Let's see we can just postpone it
Francesco Andreoli: for now and see what they're answering. You met in a discord.
Gary Schulte: Did anybody have a proposed reschedule time?
Matt Nelson: No?
Matt Nelson: Well, I mean I just. We just kind of wrote it in. I can't see my slack right now, for some reason.
Matt Nelson: Okay? Or my discord.
Matt Nelson: Okay.
Francesco Andreoli: Yeah.
Matt Nelson: I know. I guess No, timing. Let's just yeah, let's let's follow up in the discord and just go from there. I don't think we should waste time. Folks on the call.
Francesco Andreoli: Awesome.
Francesco Andreoli: Thanks. So.